STANDARD AREA DEVELOPER AGREEMENT (ADA)
THIS AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement," or “ADA”) is entered into as of the ___ day of______, 20___ by and between 
HODL Franchise Network, LLC ("Franchisor"), and ________________________________ ("Developer[s]").

RECITALS

The Franchisor is the owner of the trade name and service mark "HODL," certain valuable trade practices, and all of the 
contractual relationships, formulae, operating procedures, exclusive systems, methods, techniques, designs, trademarks, 
service marks, copyrights, manuals, training materials, and all other items now or hereafter owned, used or provided by 
the Franchisor (collectively "Trade Practices") in connection with the retail sale of HODL franchises.
HODL Franchise Network, LLC ("Franchisor") operates and franchises retail and consultancy Concepts under the trade name 
"HODL" which are operated in accordance with the uniform standards of operation, including without limitation, design of 
building, layout of equipment, interior and exterior decoration, signs, operating methods, advertising, sales techniques, 
personnel management and bookkeeping and accounting systems (the "HODL System").
Developer desires to obtain from the Franchisor a grant of the exclusive right to develop and operate a number of HODL 
Concepts.

The grant pertains to ___Development Area____.

The parties hereto desire to provide for such grant based upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereinafter contained herein, Franchisor and 
Developer agree as follows:

GRANT OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS

The Franchisor hereby grants to Developer during the term of this agreement the exclusive right to open and operate HODL 
Concepts ("Concept[s]") under the development schedule set forth in attached Addendum 1, incorporated herein by reference 
("Development Schedule, Division of Territory and Map"). Developer shall be required and hereby agrees to open additional 
Concepts under the following conditions; unless otherwise agreed upon:

-------initials & date--------
------------------------------

A minimum of one (1) Concept per each 250,000 population increase in the territory as reported by the U.S. Census Bureau; 
provided that the increases occur after the Developer has met and finished the terms and time of the Development Schedule 
and such Concept increases are established within the time limitations of the Franchise Agreement and any renewal periods.

The right of the developer to develop each Concept is contingent upon Developer not being in default under this Agreement, 
and in substantial compliance with the terms and conditions of the IFA’s to which Developer is a party. Developer must have 
opened and be operating all Concepts required by the Development Schedule.
This Agreement is not a Franchise Agreement, and does not grant to Developer any right to use HODL Trade Practices, nor the 
HODL System. Developer shall have no right under this Agreement to license others to use the Trade Practices or HODL System.

DEVELOPMENT FEE

In consideration of the rights granted herein to Developer, Developer shall pay the franchisor upon the execution hereof a 
Development fee of ___________. The Development fee shall be fully earned by the Franchisor upon execution hereof and is not 
refundable.

TERM

The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of ten (10) years commencing on the date hereof unless extended, or sooner 
terminated by the Franchisor as provided for in this Agreement. Developer shall have such option to renew and extend the 
term of each individual franchise agreement as is provided for thereunder.

TERRITORY

During the term of this Agreement and any extension thereof, the Franchisor shall not own, operate or grant a franchise for 
any other HODL Concepts within the following described territory:

[description of territory]

A map showing the Territory is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Addendum X. If Developer fails to meet a 
requirement of the Development Schedule, the Franchisor may develop a Concept or grant a franchise for a Concept within 
the Territory, but not within the protected encumbrance of any of Developer's other Concepts, or pre-qualified sites 
approved by the Franchisor as such territory is described in the respective franchise Agreement unless such failure is 
due to fire, flood, earthquake or other similar causes beyond the Developer's control.

-------initials & date--------
------------------------------

FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS

Developer may only develop a Concept hereunder by executing a Individual Franchise Agreement with Franchisor ("Individual 
Franchise Agreement," or “IFA”) for such Concept, to be located at site approved by Franchisor as provided therein. The 
Franchise Agreement for each Concept developed under the Development Schedule shall be the form of the Franchise Agreement 
then being offered by Franchisor which will be substantially in the form provided as Exhibit X to the Franchise Disclosure 
Document. Such Franchise Agreement shall not be effective unless executed by Franchisor; Franchisor need not execute a 
Franchise Agreement if Developer is then in default under any provision hereof.

INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE

The Franchisor does not impose an initial franchise fee for each Concept. Franchisee is required to notify Franchisor 
pursuant to the terms hereof, before the Franchisee a.) submits any building plan to state or local regulatory authorities 
for approval, b.) signs any property lease related to new Concepts, c.) or closes on any property related to new Concepts.

CONCEPT OPERATION

Each Concept to be developed by Developer must be opened and operated in accordance with and pursuant to the respective 
IFA. Developer's rights with respect to each Concept will be governed by the IFA for each Concept.

TERMINATION

This Agreement shall terminate as to all parties at the end of the term if not renewed pursuant to the provisions described 
herein.

Termination For Good Cause. This Agreement shall not be terminated except for good cause. The occurrence of any of the 
following events shall constitute good and sufficient cause for Franchisor, at its absolute option and without prejudice 
to any other rights or remedies provided for hereunder or by law or equity, to terminate this Agreement:

Immediately and without an opportunity to cure as follows:

If Developer shall be adjudicated bankrupt, or if any proceeding by or against Developer is instituted under any section 
of the Bankruptcy Act, or if a receiver (permanent or temporary) of Developer's property or any part thereof is appointed 
by a court of competent authority;

If Developer makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or if a final judgment remains unsatisfied of record 
for thirty (30) days or longer (unless a supersede as bond is filed) or if execution is levied against Developer's business 
or property, or suit to foreclose any lien or mortgage against the Concept or equipment is instituted against Developer and 
not dismissed or stayed within thirty (30) days;

The Franchisor and Developer agree in writing to terminate the Agreement;

The Developer makes any material misrepresentations relating to the acquisition of the Development Agreement or the Developer 
engages in conduct which reflects materially and unfavorably upon the operation and reputation of the franchise business or 
system;

The Developer on three or more occasions within a one year period fails to comply with one or more requirements of this 
Agreement, or any IFA, whether or not corrected after notice;

The Developer is convicted of a felony or any other criminal misconduct which is relevant to the operation of the business;

Developer's voluntary abandonment of any of the Concepts except for reasons beyond Developer's control.

Unless otherwise provided herein, after an opportunity to cure as follows:

The Developer fails to pay any fees or other amounts due to the Franchisor within ten (10) days after receiving written 
notice that such fees are overdue;

If the Developer fails, for a period of fifteen (15) days after notification of noncompliance, to comply with any federal, 
state or local law or regulation applicable to the operation of the business; or

If Developer violates any other term or condition of this Agreement or any IFA and Developer fails to cure such violation 
within thirty (30) days after written notice from Franchisor to cure same.

MONETARY OBLIGATIONS

In the event of termination of this Agreement in its entirety, Franchisor may retain all fees paid pursuant to this 
Agreement. In addition, all obligations of Franchisor to Developer and all rights of Developer under this Agreement shall 
then terminate; however, any obligations of Developer to take, or abstain from taking, any action upon termination 
pursuant to this Agreement shall not be affected by such termination, including the payment to Franchisor of all sums 
earned and due from Developer at the time of termination. No franchise fees or sums defined in this agreement which are 
unearned at the time of termination shall be payable beyond the termination date.

-------initials & date--------
------------------------------

ASSIGNMENT BY DEVELOPER

Restriction on Transfer. This Agreement is personal to Developer and shall not be assigned, either voluntarily or by 
operation of law, except as provided herein, without the prior written consent of Franchisor, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. No partial assignment of this Agreement shall be allowed. No assignment may be made to a 
corporation or control transferred to anyone through the sale of corporate shares either voluntarily or by operation of 
law, except as provided herein, except Developer retains at least fifty-one percent (51%) ownership of said corporation, 
without the prior written consent of Franchisor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. For more information 
about exclusionary ownership interests, please contact us directly. For more information about transfers under unique 
circumstances, please contact us directly.

Corporation as Proposed Assignee. If the proposed assignee is a corporation, Franchisor shall have the right in its' sole 
discretion, as a condition to granting its consent, to require responsible officers and principal shareholders of the 
corporation to guarantee the performance of the corporation hereunder.

Other Agreements. If Franchisor consents to the assignment of this Agreement, it shall also consent to the assignment of 
any and all other agreements between Franchisor, its affiliates and Developer in connection with the Concepts. Developer, 
in the event of assignment of this Agreement, shall also assign all leases and other agreements in connection with the 
Concepts to the same assignee.

Execution of Then-Current Agreements. In any approved sale or assignment of this Agreement, the assignee shall complete and 
sign all appropriate forms and agreements required by Franchisor, including assignments of each IFA then in effect. The 
term to be conveyed to any purchaser or assignee shall be the balance of the term of this Agreement as to each Concept unless 
otherwise agreed upon by Franchisor. The assignee and/or assignee's managerial employees will be required to fulfill all of 
the Franchisor's training requirements before operating any of the Concepts.

Void Assignments. Any purported assignment of this Agreement without the written consent of Franchisor shall be void and 
any such attempt to assign or transfer this Agreement shall be a breach hereof.

Franchisor's Right of First Refusal Regarding the Development Agreement. Prior to the sale or assignment by Developer of 
this Agreement in a transaction requiring Franchisor's consent, Franchisor shall have the option, exercisable within thirty 
(30) days after receipt of notice from Developer of the proposed sale or assignment, to purchase Developer's rights under 
this Agreement for the price and on the terms and conditions of the proposed sale. Such notice shall specify the name and 
address of the proposed purchaser, and shall set forth the price, terms, conditions, and date and place of closing of the 
proposed sale. Should Franchisor not exercise this right and should the contemplated sale not be completed, or should the 
terms and conditions thereof be altered in any way, this right of first refusal shall be reinstated and any subsequent 
proposed sale, or the altered terms and conditions of the current transaction, must again be offered to Franchisor in 
accordance with this Section.

Release of Franchisor. Upon consent of Franchisor to any assignment, Developer shall bring all accounts with Franchisor 
current and shall execute a general release of all claims against Franchisor.

-------initials & date--------
------------------------------

DEATH OR DISABILITY OF DEVELOPER

In the event of the death or disability of the Developer, Franchisor shall consent to the transfer of the interest to 
Developer's spouse, heirs, or relative, by blood or by marriage, whether such a transfer is made by Will or by operation of 
law if, at the sole discretion and judgment of Franchisor, such person or persons obtaining said interest shall be capable 
of conducting said business in a manner satisfactory to Franchisor. In the event Franchisor does not consent to such 
transfer, Franchisee's rights hereunder shall, at Franchisor's option, terminate. This paragraph shall only apply to the 
extent Developer owns the rights hereunder personally and has not assigned such rights to a corporation, limited liability 
company, partnership, or any other entity. For more information about survivorship, please contact us directly.

IN-TERM COMPETITION

During the term of this Agreement neither Developer nor his employees, without Franchisor's written approval, shall own, 
maintain, operate, engage in, or have any interest in any business which sells goods or services of a competitive nature, 
more specifically, businesses which offer for retail consumer electronics designed for the handling of money or educational 
or consulting services to the same or similar effect, and which is located within fifty (50) kilometers of the protected 
territory of any company-owned or franchised Concept. This subsection shall not apply to ownership by Franchisee as a 
passive investor of less than five percent (5%) interest in a publicly-held corporation listed on a national stock 
exchange or traded on the over-the-counter market.

EMPLOYMENT OF FRANCHISOR'S EMPLOYEES

Developer agrees that without the express written approval of Franchisor, he shall not employ, nor seek to employ, any 
full or part-time employee of Franchisor and will not, directly or indirectly, induce any such person to leave his or 
her employment as aforesaid. This prohibition, shall likewise apply to all such employees whose employment has been 
terminated, for any reason, with Franchisor for a period of less than six (6) months prior to being hired by Developer.

-------initials & date--------
------------------------------

FRANCHISOR CONCEPTS

Developer acknowledges, approves, and consents to Franchisor having the absolute right to own and operate or sell as 
many Concepts as Franchisor, in its sole discretion, may decide. Developer agrees not to raise any objections to such 
Concepts, or to interfere in any way with their operation or management by Franchisor, provided such Concepts are not 
located within Developer's Territory, except such Concepts as Franchisor may develop pursuant to this Agreement.

FRANCHISOR'S AND DEVELOPER'S RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL REGARDING CONCEPTS

If Franchisor or Developer desires to sell, assign or transfer its rights in any Concepts located within the Territory, 
it shall first notify the other in writing of its intent to sell, assign, or transfer said rights upon the same terms and 
conditions to the other, who shall then have thirty (30) days after receipt within which to review and accept or reject 
the written offer; provided, however, that if additional information is requested, it shall have ten (10) days from receipt 
of the additional information to make its decision. If the offer has not been accepted within thirty (30) days of receipt 
of the offer or ten (10) days from receipt of additional information, whichever is longer, the sale to the prospective 
purchaser, assignee or transferee may be concluded.

INSURANCE, CONDEMNATION

Liability, Fire, Business Interruption, and Worker's Compensation Insurance. During the term hereof, in the event Developer 
obtains a Concept site by purchase or executed lease prior to execution of a IFA covering such site, Developer shall obtain 
and maintain for such site insurance coverage in accordance with Franchisor's current insurance requirements for Franchisees. 
The coverage shall also comply with the requirements of Developer's lease, if any, for such site. Developer shall carry also 
such Workers' Compensation insurance as may be required by applicable law. Upon execution of a Franchise agreement covering 
the site, Developer shall maintain insurance covering the site, in accordance with the applicable provisions of such IFA.

Conditions of Coverage. Franchisor shall be named as an additional insured, to the extent of its interest, on all of such 
policies and shall be provided with certificates of insurance evidencing such coverage. All public liability and property 
damage policies shall contain a provision that Franchisor, although named as an insured, shall nevertheless be entitled to 
recover under such policies on any loss occasioned to it, its affiliates, agents and employees by reason of the negligence 
of Developer, its principals, contractors, agents or employees. All policies shall provide Franchisor with at least thirty 
(30) days notice of cancellation or termination of coverage. Franchisor reserves the right to specify reasonable changes 
in the types and amounts of insurance coverage required by this Section.

Should Developer fail or refuse to procure the required insurance coverage from an insurance carrier acceptable to 
Franchisor or to maintain it as required hereby, Franchisor may procure such coverage for Developer, in which event 
Developer agrees to pay the required premiums or to reimburse Franchisor upon Franchisor's demand. Failure to maintain 
the required insurance or to promptly reimburse Franchisor for any premiums paid on behalf of Developer by Franchisor 
shall constitute a default hereunder.

RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES

Developer is and shall be an independent contractor. No employee of Developer shall be deemed to be an employee of 
Franchisor. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to create a partnership, joint venture or agency between Developer 
and Franchisor. Neither party hereto shall be liable for the debts or obligations of the other unless expressly assumed 
in writing.

NOTICE

All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered by personal service, or by certified or 
registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the parties. For more information about notices and service, 
please contact us directly.

HEIRS AND SUCCESSORS

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their heirs, successors, and assigns.

WAIVER

Failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights. 
Any waiver, including waiver of default, in any one instance shall not constitute a continuing waiver or a waiver in any 
other instance. Any acceptance of money or other performance by Franchisor from Developer shall not constitute a waiver 
of any default except as to the payment of the particular payment or performance so received.

ATTORNEY'S FEE

If any action or proceeding is brought for the enforcement of this Agreement, or because of an alleged dispute, breach, 
default or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of this Agreement, or to interpret this Agreement 
or any of the provisions hereof, the successful or prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys 
fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding, whether or not said action or proceeding goes to final judgment, 
in addition to any other relief to which it or they may be entitled.

GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be interpreted according to the internal laws of ___________ without regard to its conflict of law 
provisions.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement represents the entire understanding between the parties and supersedes all other negotiations, agreements, 
representations and covenants, oral or written, except any other agreement executed by the Franchisor, and Developer in 
connection herewith. This Agreement may not be modified except by a written instrument signed by all the parties hereto.

Developer acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor has made no promises or warranties to Developer concerning the 
profitability or of success of the franchised business to be developed. Developer acknowledges that it has been informed 
by Franchisor that there can be no guaranty of success in such business. No other agreements, representations, promises, 
commitments or the like, of any nature, exist between the parties except as set forth or otherwise referenced herein.

-------initials & date--------
-------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.
FRANCHISOR:

HODL Franchise Network, LLC A DELAWARE CORPORATION
By: /s/
-------------------------- Chief Executive Officer
Witness: /s/
--------------------------
Date:
--------------------------
DEVELOPER:
By: /s/
---------------------------
Witness: /s/
---------------------------
Date:
---------------------------

ADDENDUM 1

DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE, DIVISION OF TERRITORY AND MAP

(A) TERRITORY: [formal and business designation of territory]

Total Units Operating

Period Concept Count

180 days after the termination/expiration of the Consulting Services Agreement 1
360 days after the termination/expiration of the Consulting Services Agreement 2
520 days after the termination/expiration of the Consulting Services Agreement 3
700 days after the termination/expiration of the Consulting Services Agreement 4
880 days after the termination/expiration of the Consulting Services Agreement 5

All locations shall be constructed according to the above schedule and the Concept type limitations apply to each of the 
listed territories.

(B) GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND VENUE

The provisions of the Area Development Agreement concerning governing law, jurisdiction and venue shall not constitute a 
waiver of any right conferred upon ___________ law. ___________ law governs this agreement. Jurisdiction and venue shall 
be in ___________.

(C) DIVISION OF TERRITORY

The exclusive territory is delineated on the map attached hereto and incorporated herein, as set forth in this Agreement. 
The territory is defined as

[description of territory]
