
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS DEVELOPMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is made and entered into this ________ day of ______, 20__, by and between 
HODL FRANCHISE NETWORK, LLC, a Delaware corporation, with its principal place of business at _________ (referred to herein 
as “HODL” or “Franchisor”) and _________________, with its principal place of business at ________________ (“Developer”).

RECITALS

A. Franchisor owns certain proprietary and other property rights and interests in and to the “HODL” trademark and service 
mark, and such other trademarks, service marks, logo types, insignias, trade dress designs and commercial symbols as 
Franchisor may from time to time authorize or direct Developer to use in connection with the operation of a “HODL” Concept 
(the “HODL Marks”). Franchisor has a distinctive plan for the operation of retail outlets for the sale of “key-holding” 
electronics, avocational education services, and business consultation services, which plan includes but is not limited to 
the HODL Marks and the HODL Policy Manual (the “Manual”), policies, standards, procedures, signs, displays and related items, 
and the reputation and goodwill of the HODL chain of Concepts (collectively, the “HODL System”).

B. Developer represents that it is experienced in and has independent knowledge of the nature and specifics of the Concept 
business. Developer represents that in entering into this Agreement it has relied solely on its personal knowledge and has 
not relied on any representations of Franchisor or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents, except those 
representations contained in any legally required disclosure document delivered to Developer.

C. Developer desires to obtain from Franchisor, certain development services within a specified geographical area (the 
“Territory”) specified in Exhibit “A” attached hereto and made a part hereof.

D. Developer is willing to grant the right to develop HODL Concepts within the Territory referenced in Exhibit “A” to HODL 
such that HODL will subsequently deliver to Developer a fully executed Development Plan, which the Developer may then use 
for Real Estate Acquisition and Construction of HODL Concepts.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and obligations herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Development Rights in Territory.

1.1 Franchisor hereby grants to Developer, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and as long as Developer 
shall not be in default of this Agreement or any other development, franchise or other agreement between Developer and 
Franchisor, non-exclusive/exclusive development rights to obtain franchises to establish and operate franchised Concepts, 
and to use the HODL System solely in connection therewith, at specific locations to be designated in separate franchise 
agreements (the “Franchise Agreements”). (If exclusive agreement add “Developer expressly acknowledges that the exclusive 
rights granted herein apply only to the right to develop new Concepts in the Territory, and no exclusive territory or radius 
protection for the term of any franchise agreement is granted herein.”) The Franchise Agreements executed in accordance with 
this Agreement shall be in the form currently in use by Franchisor at the time of approval of the specific Concept site by 
Franchisor.

1.2 Within thirty (30) days of the date of execution of this Agreement, Developer shall meet with Franchisor’s development 
representatives and begin preparation of a market development plan for the Territory (identifying specific key areas, key 
intersections and trade areas in the Territory) and all development pursuant to this Agreement shall be in accordance with 
this plan (the “Market Plan”). The Market Plan shall include proposed radii of areas where sites are to located, ranking and 
prioritization of site locations and other information customarily used by market planners in the Retail industry. Developer 
shall propose the Market Plan and Franchisor shall approve or disapprove the Market Plan in its reasonable discretion within 
thirty (30) days thereafter. If Franchisor disapproves the Market Plan, it shall provide written comments to Developer to 
enable it to amend the Market Plan. In any event, the initial Market Plan shall be completed and approved by Franchisor and 
Developer no later than one hundred and twenty (120) days from the date of execution of this Agreement (the “Initial Planning 
Phase”). Developer acknowledges that no extensions of time on the Development Schedule (as defined below) shall be granted by 
Franchisor to Developer as a result of Developer’s failure to complete a satisfactory Market Plan with the Initial Planning 
Phase.

1.3 The parties hereto recognize that demographics, market economics, real estate values, competition and other conditions 
may change in the Territory over the term of this Agreement and that such changes may impact the Market Plan. Therefore, 
the parties agree that it is in their respective best interests to review the Market Plan periodically throughout the term 
of this Agreement. On the first anniversary of the approval of the initial Market Plan and at least once annually thereafter, 
Developer and Franchisor shall review the Market Plan and make such revisions as are required to maximize the successful 
development of the HODL System in the Territory.

2.0 Limitation on Development Rights.

2.1 Developer must open to the public the number of HODL Concepts each calendar year as required on the Development 
Schedule, all as set forth on Exhibit “B” attached hereto and made a part hereof.

2.2 For purposes of the Development Schedule in Exhibit “B”, no credit will be given for the development of HODL Concepts 
outside the Territory, regardless of the fact that Developer may, upon proper application, obtain from Franchisor an HODL 
Franchise Agreement (“Franchise Agreement”) for any such development.

2.3 Although this Agreement affords the Developer the right to develop and open HODL Concepts within the Territory, as set 
forth on Exhibit “A”, all Concepts developed under this Agreement must be duly licensed through Individual Franchise 
Agreements. Developer will execute HODL’s then standard IFA in use at the time of execution for each Concept developed under 
this Agreement, and agrees to pay Franchisor the current fees, royalties and other required payments in accordance with the 
FDD then in effect. Execution of the appropriate IFA and payment of the initial franchise fee and/or any other required 
fees must be accomplished prior to the commencement of construction at any site.

2.4 Developer must satisfy all Franchisor’s financial and operational criteria then in effect prior to HODL’s execution of 
each standard Franchise Agreement issued pursuant to this Agreement. Developer shall provide Franchisor with current 
information pertaining to Developer’s financial condition and the financial condition of the majority and managing 
members/partners/shareholders of Developer at any time upon HODL’s request and in no event less than once annually. 
Developer acknowledges that, among other things, it will be required to submit annual financial statements of Developer 
and personal financial statements of each of its principal owners and Managing Members to be eligible for financial approval 
by HODL. In the event any of the majority owners of Developer shall also be the Managing Members and/or majority owners of 
any other entity which is a franchisee of HODL, then each such franchisee entity must be operationally and financially 
approved by Franchisor before approval for expansion will be granted to any one franchisee entity. “Managing Members” shall 
be any individuals who are designated as the primary decision makers or general managers of the franchisee entity and 
those individuals who (individually or collectively) own at least 51% interest in the franchisee entity.

2.5 Developer shall submit a proposed site for each franchised unit to be developed under this Agreement for acceptance 
by Franchisor, together with such site information as may be reasonably required by Franchisor to evaluate the proposed 
site. Franchisor shall, provided there exists no default by Developer under this Agreement or any other development, 
franchise or other agreement between Franchisor and Developer, evaluate each site proposed for which Developer has provided 
all necessary evaluation information, and shall promptly, but not more than sixty (60) days after receipt of Developer’s 
proposal, send to Developer written notice of acceptance or non-acceptance of the site. Site approval does not assure that 
a Franchise Agreement will be executed. Execution of the Franchise Agreement is contingent upon Developer purchasing or 
leasing the proposed site.

Within ninety (90) days after Franchisor’s site acceptance, Developer shall:

(a) Submit in writing to Franchisor, satisfactory proof to Franchisor that Developer;

(i) owns the site; or
(ii) has leased the site for a term which, with renewal options is not less than the initial term of
the IFA; or
(iii) has entered into a written agreement to purchase or to lease the approved site on terms provided herein, subject, 
only to obtaining necessary governmental permits.
(iv) If Developer has leased the site, the lease shall contain the provisions required in the IFA.

2.6 Franchisor shall retain the right to:

(a) Open and operate HODL Concepts or franchise others to open and operate HODL Concepts, at all universities, colleges, 
hospitals, municipal facilities, public transportation facilities, shopping malls, stadiums, amusement parks and similar 
locations of a “non-standard” nature, regardless of location within the Territory;

(b) Open and operate or franchise others to open and operate non-standard HODL Concepts within the Territory under the HODL 
System (e.g., within drug stores, supermarkets, department stores, truck stops, hotel or motel chains, stadiums, etc.); and

(c) Open and operate or franchise others to open and operate HODL Concepts located within the Territory which have been 
acquired by HODL on or after the date of this Agreement.

2.7 The purpose of this Agreement is to promote orderly incremental growth within the HODL System. The acquisition of existing 
HODL Concepts by Developer does not represent incremental growth and, therefore, does not satisfy the terms of this Agreement 
pertaining to development.

2.8 (To be added where there are existing Concepts in the territory) Developer acknowledges that Franchisor

(i) is operating a unit or

(ii) has granted franchise rights in, or

(iii) approved a new site for development for those locations identified in Exhibit “C” attached hereto and incorporated 
herein by this reference.

Developer further acknowledges that Franchisor retains discretion to approve or disapprove any proposed location for 
development under this Agreement if, in Franchisor’s reasonable judgment, such proposed location is not suitable for an 
HODL Concept or such proposed location will have a material adverse effect on the profitability of another existing HODL 
location (or approved site) in the Territory. Developer covenants to use its reasonable best efforts to avoid selecting 
proposed locations that would adversely impact pre-existing locations in the Territory. Franchisor covenants to advise 
Developer of any new site approved or proposed closures of HODL Concepts in the Territory during the term of this Agreement.

3.0 Development Fee.

Developer shall pay to Franchisor a non-refundable deposit equal to ________, in immediately available funds, for the first 
Concept to be developed under this Agreement. For each subsequent Concept to be developed under this Agreement, Developer 
shall pay Franchisor a deposit equal to _________. This deposit shall be paid upon the execution of this Agreement. The 
deposit, whichever is applicable, for each Concept shall be applied against the Area Development fee payable upon the 
execution of the ADA applicable to each Concept. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9.0 or 10.0 below, 
all deposits, or any unused portion thereof, shall be forfeited to Franchisor in consideration of the rights granted in 
the Territory up to the time of termination.

4.0 Term of Development Agreement.

This Agreement shall commence on the date specified in Exhibit “X”. Unless terminated pursuant to Section 9.0 or 10.0 
below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit “X” or upon the opening of the last Concept 
listed in the Development Schedule.

5.0 Territory Conflicts.

5.1 Any continued operation of a Concept operated by Franchisor or a franchisee of Franchisor within the Territory on or 
before the date of this Agreement shall not be considered to constitute a breach of this Agreement.

5.2 The rights granted to Developer in this Agreement are subject to any prior territorial rights of other franchisees which 
may now exist in the Territory, whether or not those rights are currently being enforced. In the event of a conflict in 
territorial rights, whether under an IFA or separate territorial or development agreement, the earlier in time shall prevail. 
Developer shall be free to negotiate with any person, corporation or other entity, which claims territorial rights adverse 
to the rights granted under this Agreement, for the assignment of those prior territorial rights. For this purpose, 
Franchisor agrees to approve any such assignment not in conflict with the other terms of this Agreement, subject to the 
condition of any IFA involved, and current policies pertaining to assignments, including, but not limited to, satisfaction 
of all past due debts owed to Franchisor and the execution of a General Release.

5.3 In the event of third party claims to the right to develop any Territory other than those specified above, it is the 
responsibility of HODL, where the right is exclusive, to protect and maintain Developer’s right to the Development of the 
Territory. However, if it appears to HODL, in its sole discretion, that protection of the Territory by legal action is not 
advisable, whether due to the anticipation of, or the actual protracted nature of the action, the costs involved, the 
uncertainty of outcome, or otherwise, Franchisor has the right to terminate this Agreement, provided that it refunds to 
Developer the balance, if any, of the deposit made pursuant to Section 3.0, which has not been applied against the initial 
development fees for the area to be acquired under this Agreement.

6.0 Proprietary Rights of HODL.

6.1 Developer expressly acknowledges HODL’s exclusive right, title, and interest in an to the trade name, service mark 
and trademark “HODL”, and such other trade names, service marks, and trademarks which are designated as part of the HODL 
System (the “Marks”), and Developer agrees not to represent in any manner that Developer has any ownership in HODL Marks. 
This Agreement is not a Franchise Agreement. Developer may not open an HODL Concept or use the HODL Marks at a particular 
site until it executes a Franchise Agreement for that site. Developer’s use of the HODL Marks shall be limited to those 
rights granted under each individual Franchise Agreement. Developer further agrees that its use of the Marks shall not create 
in its favor any right, title, or interest in or to HODL Marks, but that all of such use shall inure to the benefit of HODL, 
and Developer has no rights to the Marks except to the degree specifically granted by the Individual Franchise Agreements. 
Building designs and specifications, color schemes and combinations, sign design specifications, and interior building layouts 
(including equipment, equipment specification, equipment layouts, and interior color schemes and combinations) are acknowledged 
by Developer to comprise part of the HODL System. Developer shall have no right to license or franchise others to use the 
Marks by virtue of this Agreement.

6.2 Developer recognizes the unique value and secondary meaning attached to the HODL Marks and the HODL System, and Developer 
agrees that any noncompliance with the terms of this Agreement or any unauthorized or improper use will cause irreparable 
damage to Franchisor and its franchisees. Developer, therefore, agrees that if it should engage in any such unauthorized 
or improper use during, or after, the term of this Agreement, Franchisor shall be entitled to both seek temporary and 
permanent injunctive relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in addition to any other remedies prescribed by law.

7.0 Insurance and Indemnification.

7.1 During the term of this Agreement, Developer shall obtain and maintain insurance coverage for public liability, including 
products liability, in the amount of at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) combined single limit. Developer also 
shall carry such worker’s compensation insurance as may be required by applicable law. Upon the execution of each Franchise 
Agreement, Developer also shall obtain and maintain the insurance coverage’s required under each Franchise Agreement.

7.2 Franchisor shall be named as an additional insured on all such insurance policies and shall be provided with 
certificates of insurance evidencing such coverage. All public liability and property damage policies shall contain a 
provision that HODL, although named as an insured, shall nevertheless be entitled to recover under such policies on any 
loss incurred by HODL, its affiliates, agents and/or employees, by reason of the negligence of Developer, its principals, 
contractors, agents and/or employees. All policies shall provide Franchisor with at least thirty (30) days notice of 
cancellation or termination of coverage.

7.3 Franchisor reserves the right to specify reasonable changes in the types and amounts of insurance coverage required by 
this Section 7.0. In the event that Developer fails or refuses to obtain or maintain the required insurance coverage from 
an insurance carrier acceptable to HODL, Franchisor may, in its sole discretion and without any obligations to do so, 
procure such coverage for Developer. In such event, Developer agrees to pay the required premiums or to reimburse such 
premiums to Franchisor upon written demand.

7.4 Developer agrees to defend at its own cost and to indemnify and hold harmless HODL, its parent corporations, 
affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all loss, costs, expenses 
(including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees), damages and liabilities, however caused, resulting directly or indirectly 
from or pertaining to the use, condition, construction, equipping, decorating, maintenance or operation of any and all HODL 
Concepts, any labor or other employee related claims of any kind. Such loss, costs, expenses, damages, liabilities and 
claims shall include, without limitation, those arising from the death or injury to any person, or arising from damage to 
the property of Developer or HODL, their affiliates, agents or employees, or any third person, firm or corporation, whether 
or not such losses, costs, expenses, damages, liabilities or claims were actually or allegedly caused, in whole or in part 
through the negligence of Franchisor or any of its affiliates, agents or employees, or resulted from any strict liability 
imposed on Franchisor or any of its affiliates, agents or employees.

8.0 Transfer of Rights.

8.1 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of Franchisor and its successors and assigns, and is fully assignable by HODL.

8.2 The parties acknowledge that this Agreement is personal in nature with respect to Developer, being entered into by 
Franchisor in reliance upon and in consideration of the personal skills, qualifications and trust and confidence reposed 
in Developer and Developer’s present partners, managing members or officers if Developer is a partnership, limited liability 
company or a corporation. Therefore, the rights, privileges and interests of Developer under this Agreement shall not be 
assigned, sold, transferred, leased, divided or encumbered, voluntarily or involuntarily, in whole or in part, by operation 
of law or otherwise without the prior written consent of HODL, which consent may be given or withheld in HODL’s sole 
discretion. For purposes of this Section, a sale of stock, or any membership or partnership interest in Developer, or a 
merger or other combination of Developer shall be considered a transfer of Developer’s interest prohibited hereunder.

9.0 Termination by Developer; Expiration Date.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon HODL’s receipt of Developer’s notice to terminate, subject to the 
forfeiture provisions of Section 3.0 hereof. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless 
earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein 
shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3.0 hereof shall be forfeited to 
Franchisor.

10.0 Events of Default.

10.1 The following events shall constitute a default by Developer, which shall result in HODL’s right to declare the 
immediate termination of this Agreement.

a. Failure by Developer to meet the requirements of the Development Schedule within the time periods specified therein. 
(For exclusive agreements add “Failure by Developer to meet the opening dates specified in Exhibit “X” shall thereafter 
result in an immediate loss of exclusivity and all rights of Developer under this Agreement shall become non-exclusive 
in the Territory.”)

b. Any assignment, transfer or sublicense of this Agreement by Developer without the prior written consent of HODL.

c. Any violation by Developer of any covenant, term, or condition of any note or other agreement (including any HODL 
Franchise Agreement) between Developer and Franchisor (or an affiliate of HODL), the effect of which is to allow Franchisor 
to terminate (or accelerate the maturity of) such agreement before its stated termination (or maturity) date.

d. Developer’s assignment for the benefit of creditors or admission in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally 
as they become due.

e. Any order, judgment, or decree entered adjudicating Developer bankrupt or insolvent.

f. Any petition, or application, by Developer to any tribunal for the appointment of a trustee, receiver, or liquidator 
of Developer (or a substantial part of Developer’s assets), or commencement by Developer of any proceedings relating to 
Developer under any bankruptcy, reorganization, compromise, arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution, 
or liquidation law of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereinafter in effect.

g. Any filing of a petition or application against Developer, or the commencement of such proceedings, in which Developer, 
in any way, indicates its approval thereof, consent thereto, or acquiescence therein; or the entry of any order, judgment, 
or decree appointing any trustee, receiver, or liquidator, or approving the petition in any such proceedings, where the 
order, judgment, or decree remains unstayed and in effect for more than thirty (30) days.

h. Any entry in any proceeding against the Developer of any order, judgment, or decree, which requires the dissolution of 
Developer, where such order, judgment, or decree remains unstayed and in effect for more than thirty (30) days.

i. Developer’s voluntary abandonment of any of Developer’s Concepts.

10.2 The following events shall constitute a default by Developer, which shall result in HODL’s right to declare the 
termination of this Agreement, if such default is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice by Franchisor 
to Developer:

a. Developer’s default in the performance or observance of any covenant, term, or condition contained in this Agreement 
not otherwise specified in Section 10.1 above.

b. The creation, incurrence, assumption, or sufferance to exist of any lien, encumbrance, or option whatsoever upon any of 
Developer’s property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, the effect of which substantially impairs 
Developer’s ability to perform or observe any covenant, term, or condition of this Agreement.

c. Any change, transfer or conveyance (“Transfer”) in the ownership of Developer, which Transfer has not been approved 
in advance by Franchisor. Frnachisor reserves the right to approve or disapprove any Transfer in its sole discretion.

11.0 Effect of Termination.

11.1 Immediately upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, for any reason, all of Developer’s development rights 
granted pursuant to this Agreement shall revert to HODL. At the time of termination, only Concepts operating or to be 
operated under the HODL System by virtue of a fully executed Franchise Agreement shall be unaffected by the termination 
of this Agreement. Franchisor shall have no duty to execute any Franchise Agreement with Developer after the termination 
of this Agreement. The foregoing remedies are nonexclusive, and nothing stated in this Section 11.0 shall prevent HODL’s 
pursuit of any other remedies available to Franchisor in law or at equity due to the termination of this Agreement.

11.2 Developer understands and agrees that upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement (or in the event of an 
exclusive development agreement, the failure of Developer to meet the Development Schedule and the resulting loss of 
exclusive development rights), Franchisor or its subsidiaries or affiliates, in their sole discretion, may open and/or 
operate Concepts in the Territory, or may authorize or franchise others to do the same, whether it is in competition 
with or in any other way affects the sales of Developer at the Concepts.

12.0 Non-Waiver.
HODL’s consent to or approval of any act or conduct of Developer requiring such consent or approval shall not be deemed 
to waive or render unnecessary HODL’s consent to or approval of any subsequent act or conduct hereunder.

13.0 Independent Contractor and Indemnification.

13.1 This Agreement does not constitute Developer an agent, legal representative, joint venturer, partner, employee or 
servant of Franchisor for any purpose whatsoever, and it is understood between the parties hereto that Developer shall 
be an independent contractor and is in no way authorized to make any contract, agreement, warranty or representation on 
behalf of HODL. The parties agree that this Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between them.

13.2 Under no circumstances shall Franchisor be liable for any act, omission, contract, debt, or any other obligation of 
Developer. Developer shall indemnify and save Franchisor harmless against any such claim and the cost of defending it 
arising directly or indirectly from or as a result of, or in connection with, Developer’s actions pursuant to this Agreement.

13.3 Developer shall grant no security interest in Developer’s business or any of its assets, including the furniture, 
fixtures and equipment located in the Concepts, unless the secured party agrees that in the event of any default by 
Developer under any documents relating to such security interests, Franchisor shall have the right and option to purchase 
the rights of the secured party in any such business, furniture, fixtures, equipment or assets at the fair market value of 
such assets.

14.0 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, including Exhibits “X” and “Y” (add “Z” if applicable) attached hereto, constitutes the entire full and 
complete agreement between Franchisor and Developer concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior 
written agreements. No other representations have induced Developer to execute this Agreement, and there are no 
representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise, between the parties, not embodied herein, 
which are of any force or effect with reference to this Agreement or otherwise. No amendment or modification of this 
Agreement shall be binding on either party unless written and fully executed.

15.0 Severability.
Each section, part, term and/or provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable, and if, for any reason, any 
section, part, term and/or provision herein is determined to be invalid, contrary to, or in conflict with, any existing 
or future law or regulation, by any court or agency having valid jurisdiction, then such shall be deemed not to be a part 
of this Agreement, but such shall not impair the operation of, or affect the remaining portions, sections, parts, terms 
and/or provisions of this Agreement, which will continue to be given full force and effect and bind the parties hereto.

16.0 Applicable Law.
This Agreement, after review by Developer and HODL, was accepted in the State of XXXX and shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of such state.

17.0 Document Interpretation.
All terms and words used in this Agreement, regardless of the number and gender in which they are used, shall be deemed 
and construed to include the singular or plural tense, and any gender, whether masculine, feminine or neuter, as the 
context or sense of this Agreement or any paragraph or clause may require, the same as if such words had been fully and 
properly written in the appropriate number or gender. In the event of a conflict in the language, terms, or conditions 
between this Agreement and any Franchise Agreement issued pursuant to this Agreement, the Franchise Agreement shall control.

18.0 Covenant Not to Compete.

18.1 To further protect the HODL System while this Agreement is in effect, Developer and each officer, director, 
shareholder, member, manager, partner and other equity owner, as applicable, of Developer, if Developer is an entity, 
shall neither directly nor indirectly own, operate, control or any financial interest in any other business which 
would constitute a “Competitive Business” (as hereinafter defined) without the prior written consent of Franchisor; 
provided further, that Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, consent to the Developer’s continued operation of any 
business already in existence and operating at the time of execution of this Agreement. In addition, Developer covenants 
that, except as otherwise approved in writing by the Franchisor, Developer shall not, for a continuous, uninterrupted 
period commencing upon the expiration, termination or assignment of this Agreement, regardless of the cause for 
termination, and continuing for two (2) years thereafter, either directly or indirectly, for itself, or through or on 
behalf of, or in conjunction with any person, partnership, corporation or other entity, own, operate, control or have 
any financial interest in any Competitive Business which is located or has outlets or Concept units within the 
Territory. The foregoing shall not apply to operation of an HODL Concept by Developer pursuant to a franchise agreement 
with Franchisor or the ownership by Developer of less than five percent (5%) of the issued or outstanding stock of any 
company whose shares are listed for trading on any public exchange or on the over-the-counter market, provided that 
Developer does not control or become involved in the operations of any such company. For purposes of this Section 18.1, 
a Competitive Business shall mean an electronics retailer, which products individually or collectively represent more 
than twenty-five percent (25%) of the revenues from such Concept or retail business operated at any one location during 
any calendar quarter.

18.2 In the event that any provision of Section 18.1 shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be 
invalid or unenforceable, this Agreement shall not be void, but such provision shall be limited to the extent necessary 
to make it valid and enforceable.

19.0 Notice.
For the purpose of this Agreement, all notices shall be in writing and sent via facsimile and registered or certified 
U. S. Mail. Any time period related to the notice shall commence to run upon the date said notice is received in the mail. 
All notices to HODL shall be addressed as follows:

HODL, Inc.
[address block]

With a copy to:
HODL - Legal Department
[address block]

All notices to Developer shall be faxed and mailed to the Developer’s number and address shown on Exhibit “X”. Either 
party may from time to time change its address for the purposes of this Section by giving written notice of such change 
to the other party in the manner provided in this Section.

20.0 Section Headings.
The section headings appearing in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect, in any way, the 
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

21.0 Acknowledgments.

21.1 Developer acknowledges that it has received a complete copy of this Agreement, the Franchise Agreement, the 
attachments thereto, if any, at least ten (10) business days prior to the date on which this Agreement was executed.

21.2 Developer acknowledges that it has read and understands this Agreement, the IFA, the attachments thereto and the 
agreements relating thereto contained in the FDD received by Developer on ____, and that Franchisor has accorded Developer 
ample opportunity and has encouraged Developer to consult with advisors of Developer’s own choosing about the potential 
benefits and risks of entering into this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed, sealed and delivered this Agreement in duplicate original as 
of the date and year first written above.

DEVELOPER:

HODL, INC.:
