STANDARD INDIVIDUAL FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (IFA)

THIS INDIVIDUAL FRANCHISE AGREEMENT ("Agreement," or “IFA”) is entered into as of the ___ day of______, 20___ by and between 
HODL Franchise Network, LLC ("Franchisor"), and ________________________________ ("Franchisee[s]").

RECITALS

The Franchisor is the owner of the trade name and service mark "HODL," certain valuable trade practices, and all of the 
contractual relationships, formulae, operating procedures, exclusive systems, methods, techniques, designs, trademarks, 
service marks, copyrights, manuals, training materials, and all other items now or hereafter owned, used or provided by 
the Franchisor (collectively "Trade Practices") in connection with the retail sale of HODL franchises.

HODL Franchise Network, LLC ("Franchisor") operates and franchises retail and consultancy Concepts under the trade name 
"HODL" which are operated in accordance with the uniform standards of operation, including without limitation, design of 
building, layout of equipment, interior and exterior decoration, signs, operating methods, advertising, sales techniques, 
personnel management and bookkeeping and accounting systems ("HODL System").
Franchisee desires to obtain from the Franchisor a grant of the exclusive right to develop and operate a HODL Concept.

The Concept to be developed is:
❏ Kiosk ❏ Nomad ❏ Counter ❏ Store ❏ Center ❏ Helpdesk

The grant pertains to ___Franchise Location____.

The parties hereto desire to provide for such grant based upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereinafter contained herein, Franchisor and Franchisee 
agree as follows:

GRANT OF FRANCHISE RIGHTS

The Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee during the term of this agreement the exclusive right to open and operate a HODL 
Concept ("Concept") under the Franchise Description set forth in attached Addendum 1, incorporated herein by reference 
("Franchise Description, Division of Territory and Map"). Franchisee shall be required and hereby agrees to operate the 
Concept under the following conditions; unless otherwise agreed upon:

The right of the Franchisee to operate each Concept is contingent upon Franchisee not being in default under this Agreement, 
and in substantial compliance with the terms and conditions of any other IFA’s to which Franchisee is a party.

This Agreement is not a Developer Agreement, and does not grant to Franchisee any right to develop additional Concepts or 
operate additional Concepts except as provided under this Agreement.

TERM

The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of ten (10) years commencing on the date hereof unless extended, or 
sooner terminated by the Franchisor as provided for in this Agreement. Franchisee shall have such option to renew and 
extend the term of this IFA as is provided for hereunder.

TERRITORY

During the term of this Agreement and any extension thereof, the Franchisor shall not own, operate or grant a franchise 
for any other HODL Concept within the following described encumbered territory:

[description of encumbered territory / physical address plus radius]

A map showing the Territory is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Addendum X.

INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE

The Franchisor does not impose an initial franchise fee. Franchisee is required to notify Franchisor pursuant to the 
terms hereof, before the Franchisee a.) submits any plan to state or local regulatory authorities for approval, b.) signs 
any lease related to this Concept, c.) or closes on any property related to this Concept.

ROYALTY FEE

The Franchisee agrees to report its gross sales on an annual basis to Franchisor. Franchisee agrees to pay to Franchisor 
a Royalty Fee of XXXX of gross sales.

TERMINATION

This Agreement shall terminate as to all parties at the end of the term if not renewed pursuant to the provisions described 
herein.

Termination For Good Cause. This Agreement shall not be terminated except for good cause. The occurrence of any of the 
following events shall constitute good and sufficient cause for Franchisor, at its absolute option and without prejudice 
to any other rights or remedies provided for hereunder or by law or equity, to terminate this Agreement:

Immediately and without an opportunity to cure as follows:

If Franchisee shall be adjudicated bankrupt, or if any proceeding by or against Franchisee is instituted under any 
section of the Bankruptcy Act, or if a receiver (permanent or temporary) of Franchisee's property or any part thereof 
is appointed by a court of competent authority;

If Franchisee makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or if a final judgment remains unsatisfied of 
record for thirty (30) days or longer (unless a supersede as bond is filed) or if execution is levied against Franchisee's 
business or property, or suit to foreclose any lien or mortgage against the Concept or equipment is instituted against 
Franchisee and not dismissed or stayed within thirty (30) days;

The Franchisor and Franchisee agree in writing to terminate the Agreement;

The Franchisee makes any material misrepresentations relating to the acquisition of the IFA or the Franchisee engages in 
conduct which reflects materially and unfavorably upon the operation and reputation of the franchise business or system;

The Franchisee on three or more occasions within a one year period fails to comply with one or more requirements of this 
Agreement, or any IFA, whether or not corrected after notice;

The Franchisee is convicted of a felony or any other criminal misconduct which is relevant to the operation of the business;

Franchisee's voluntary abandonment of any of the Concepts except for reasons beyond Franchisee's control.

Unless otherwise provided herein, after an opportunity to cure as follows:

The Franchisee fails to pay any fees or other amounts due to the Franchisor within ten (10) days after receiving written 
notice that such fees are overdue;

If the Franchisee fails, for a period of fifteen (15) days after notification of noncompliance, to comply with any federal, 
state or local law or regulation applicable to the operation of the business; or

If Franchisee violates any other term or condition of this Agreement or any IFA and Franchisee fails to cure such violation 
within thirty (30) days after written notice from Franchisor to cure same.

MONETARY OBLIGATIONS

In the event of termination of this Agreement in its entirety, Franchisor may retain all fees paid pursuant to this 
Agreement. In addition, all obligations of Franchisor to Franchisee and all rights of Franchisee under this Agreement 
shall then terminate; however, any obligations of Franchisee to take, or abstain from taking, any action upon termination 
pursuant to this Agreement shall not be affected by such termination, including the payment to Franchisor of all sums 
earned and due from Franchisee at the time of termination. No franchise fees or sums defined in this agreement which are 
unearned at the time of termination shall be payable beyond the termination date.

ASSIGNMENT BY FRANCHISEE

Restriction on Transfer. This Agreement is personal to Franchisee and shall not be assigned, either voluntarily or by 
operation of law, except as provided herein, without the prior written consent of Franchisor, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. No partial assignment of this Agreement shall be allowed. No assignment may be made to a corporation 
or control transferred to anyone through the sale of corporate shares either voluntarily or by operation of law, except as 
provided herein, except Franchisee retains at least fifty-one percent (51%) ownership of said corporation, without the 
prior written consent of Franchisor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Corporation as Proposed Assignee. If the proposed assignee is a corporation, Franchisor shall have the right in its' sole 
discretion, as a condition to granting its consent, to require responsible officers and principal shareholders of the 
corporation to guarantee the performance of the corporation hereunder.
Other Agreements. If Franchisor consents to the assignment of this Agreement, it shall also consent to the assignment 
of any and all other agreements between Franchisor, its affiliates and Franchisee in connection with the Concepts. 
Franchisee, in the event of assignment of this Agreement, shall also assign all leases and other agreements in connection 
with the Concepts to the same assignee.

Execution of Then-Current Agreements. In any approved sale or assignment of this Agreement, the assignee shall complete 
and sign all appropriate forms and agreements required by Franchisor, including assignments of each IFA then in effect.

The term to be conveyed to any purchaser or assignee shall be the balance of the term of this Agreement as to each Concept 
unless otherwise agreed upon by Franchisor. The assignee and/or assignee's managerial employees will be required to 
fulfill all of the Franchisor's training requirements before operating any of the Concepts.

Void Assignments. Any purported assignment of this Agreement without the written consent of Franchisor shall be void and 
any such attempt to assign or transfer this Agreement shall be a breach hereof.

Franchisor's Right of First Refusal Regarding the IFA. Prior to the sale or assignment by Franchisee of this Agreement 
in a transaction requiring Franchisor's consent, Franchisor shall have the option, exercisable within thirty (30) days 
after receipt of notice from Franchisee of the proposed sale or assignment, to purchase Franchisee's rights under this 
Agreement for the price and on the terms and conditions of the proposed sale. Such notice shall specify the name and 
address of the proposed purchaser, and shall set forth the price, terms, conditions, and date and place of closing of the 
proposed sale. Should Franchisor not exercise this right and should the contemplated sale not be completed, or should the 
terms and conditions thereof be altered in any way, this right of first refusal shall be reinstated and any subsequent 
proposed sale, or the altered terms and conditions of the current transaction, must again be offered to Franchisor in 
accordance with this Section.

Release of Franchisor. Upon consent of Franchisor to any assignment, Franchisee shall bring all accounts with Franchisor 
current and shall execute a general release of all claims against Franchisor.

DEATH OR DISABILITY OF FRANCHISEE

In the event of the death or disability of the Franchisee, Franchisor shall consent to the transfer of the interest to 
Franchisee's spouse, heirs, or relative, by blood or by marriage, whether such a transfer is made by Will or by operation 
of law if, at the sole discretion and judgment of Franchisor, such person or persons obtaining said interest shall be 
capable of conducting said business in a manner satisfactory to Franchisor. In the event Franchisor does not consent to 
such transfer, Franchisee's rights hereunder shall, at Franchisor's option, terminate. This paragraph shall only apply 
to the extent Franchisee owns the rights hereunder personally and has not assigned such rights to a corporation, limited 
liability company, partnership, or any other entity.

IN-TERM COMPETITION

During the term of this Agreement neither Franchisee nor his employees, without Franchisor's written approval, shall own, 
maintain, operate, engage in, or have any interest in any business which sells goods or services of a competitive nature, 
more specifically, businesses which offer for retail consumer electronics designed for the handling of money or educational 
or consulting services to the same or similar effect, and which is located within fifty (50) kilometers of the protected 
territory of any company-owned or franchised Concept. This subsection shall not apply to ownership by Franchisee as a 
passive investor of less than five percent (5%) interest in a publicly-held corporation listed on a national stock 
exchange or traded on the over- the-counter market.

EMPLOYMENT OF FRANCHISOR'S EMPLOYEES

Franchisee agrees that without the express written approval of Franchisor, he shall not employ, nor seek to employ, any 
full or part-time employee of Franchisor and will not, directly or indirectly, induce any such person to leave his or her 
employment as aforesaid. This prohibition, shall likewise apply to all such employees whose employment has been terminated, 
for any reason, with Franchisor for a period of less than six (6) months prior to being hired by Franchisee.

FRANCHISOR CONCEPTS

Franchisee acknowledges, approves, and consents to Franchisor having the absolute right to own and operate or sell as 
many Concepts as Franchisor, in its sole discretion, may decide. Franchisee agrees not to raise any objections to such 
Concepts, or to interfere in any way with their operation or management by Franchisor, provided such Concepts are not 
located within Franchisee's Territory, except such Concepts as Franchisor may develop pursuant to this Agreement.

FRANCHISOR'S AND FRANCHISEE'S RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL REGARDING CONCEPTS

If Franchisor or Franchisee desires to sell, assign or transfer its rights in any Concepts located within the Territory, 
it shall first notify the other in writing of its intent to sell, assign, or transfer said rights upon the same terms and 
conditions to the other, who shall then have thirty (30) days after receipt within which to review and accept or reject the 
written offer; provided, however, that if additional information is requested, it shall have ten (10) days from receipt of 
the additional information to make its decision. If the offer has not been accepted within thirty (30) days of receipt of 
the offer or ten (10) days from receipt of additional information, whichever is longer, the sale to the prospective purchaser, 
assignee or transferee may be concluded.

INSURANCE, CONDEMNATION

Liability, Fire, Business Interruption, and Worker's Compensation Insurance. During the term hereof, in the event Franchisee 
obtains a Concept site by purchase or executed lease prior to execution of a IFA covering such site, Franchisee shall obtain 
and maintain for such site insurance coverage in accordance with Franchisor's current insurance requirements for Franchisees. 
The coverage shall also comply with the requirements of Franchisee's lease, if any, for such site. Franchisee shall carry 
also such Workers' Compensation insurance as may be required by applicable law. Upon execution of an agreement covering the 
site, Franchisee shall maintain insurance covering the site, in accordance with the applicable provisions of such IFA.

Conditions of Coverage. Franchisor shall be named as an additional insured, to the extent of its interest, on all of such 
policies and shall be provided with certificates of insurance evidencing such coverage. All public liability and property 
damage policies shall contain a provision that Franchisor, although named as an insured, shall nevertheless be entitled to 
recover under such policies on any loss occasioned to it, its affiliates, agents and employees by reason of the negligence 
of Franchisee, its principals, contractors, agents or employees. All policies shall provide Franchisor with at least thirty 
(30) days notice of cancellation or termination of coverage. Franchisor reserves the right to specify reasonable changes in 
the types and amounts of insurance coverage required by this Section. Should Franchisee fail or refuse to procure the required 
insurance coverage from an insurance carrier acceptable to Franchisor or to maintain it as required hereby, Franchisor may 
procure such coverage for Franchisee, in which event Franchisee agrees to pay the required premiums or to reimburse 
Franchisor upon Franchisor's demand. Failure to maintain the required insurance or to promptly reimburse Franchisor for any 
premiums paid on behalf of Franchisee by Franchisor shall constitute a default hereunder.

RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES

Franchisee is and shall be an independent contractor. No employee of Franchisee shall be deemed to be an employee of 
Franchisor. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to create a partnership, joint venture or agency between Franchisee 
and Franchisor.

Neither party hereto shall be liable for the debts or obligations of the other unless expressly assumed in writing.

NOTICE

All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered by personal service, or by certified or 
registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the parties.

HEIRS AND SUCCESSORS

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their heirs, successors, and assigns.

WAIVER

Failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights. Any 
waiver, including waiver of default, in any one instance shall not constitute a continuing waiver or a waiver in any other 
instance. Any acceptance of money or other performance by Franchisor from Franchisee shall not constitute a waiver of any 
default except as to the payment of the particular payment or performance so received.

ATTORNEY'S FEE

If any action or proceeding is brought for the enforcement of this Agreement, or because of an alleged dispute, breach, 
default or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of this Agreement, or to interpret this Agreement or 
any of the provisions hereof, the successful or prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys fees and 
other costs incurred in that action or proceeding, whether or not said action or proceeding goes to final judgment, in 
addition to any other relief to which it or they may be entitled.

GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be interpreted according to the internal laws of ___________ without regard to its conflict of law 
provisions.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement represents the entire understanding between the parties and supersedes all other negotiations, agreements, 
representations and covenants, oral or written, except any other agreement executed by the Franchisor, and Franchisee in 
connection herewith. This Agreement may not be modified except by a written instrument signed by all the parties hereto.

Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor has made no promises or warranties to Franchisee concerning the 
profitability or of success of the franchised business to be operated. Franchisee acknowledges that it has been informed by 
Franchisor that there can be no guaranty of success in such business. No other agreements, representations, promises, 
commitments or the like, of any nature, exist between the parties except as set forth or otherwise referenced herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.
FRANCHISOR:
HODL Franchise Network, LLC A DELAWARE CORPORATION
By: /s/
-------------------------- Chief Executive Officer
Witness: /s/
--------------------------
Date:
--------------------------
FRANCHISEE:
By: /s/
---------------------------
Witness: /s/
---------------------------
Date:
---------------------------
