Site selection is more art than science, but many objective factors should be considered prior to engaging in real estate 
commitments. HODL uses a basic two-part model of four primary and seventeen secondary qualifications when considering sites 
for corporate development. The following Site Information Package Template is to be used as a guide in your initial selection 
stage. Please reply to each consideration with a statement showing how your proposed site either addresses the particular 
consideration, or whether the consideration is not applicable to the Concept/Site.

Primary considerations

1. Qualifications based on size of operation
    a. Is the proposed site physically large enough to accommodate the Concept?
2. Qualifications based on size of population and other demographic factors 
    a. What is the total population within 5 kilometers radius of the site? 
    b. What is the average household income within 5 kilometers radius of the site?
3. Qualifications based on volume of traffic 
    a. What is the average daily traffic expected to pass the site? 
    b. What are your expectations regarding the percentage of traffic you can attract to your site? 
    c. What are your expectations regarding the percentage of traffic you can convert at your site?
4. Qualifications based on regulations 
    a. What building and fire codes apply to the site? 
    b. What commercial uses may the site employ? 
    c. What permits are necessary to operate a Concept at the site?

Secondary considerations

1. Actual street frontage
    a. What is the actual street frontage of the site?
2. Corner position
    a. Is the site located on a corner parcel?
3. Actual signage
    a. What are the regulations regarding size and positioning of signage at the site? 
    b. What are the costs associated with installing signage at the site?
4. Parcel size and expansion potential
    a. What percentage of the parcel with the initial Concept occupy?
5. Parking requirements
    a. How many dedicated parking spots does/will the parcel allow? 
    b. Is on-street parking available near the site? 
    c. Are parking structures available near the site?
6. Reduction of alternate or competitive sites
    a. If acquired, how many alternate potential sites are located with a 5 kilometer radius of the site?
7. Arterial vs Non-arterial traffic
    a. Describe the types of traffic flow near the site.
8. Directions of traffic
    a. In what directions does the traffic near the site flow?
9. Availability and type of labor
    a. How many working age persons live within a 5 kilometer radius of the site? 
    b. What is the average level of education of persons living within a 5 kilometer radius of the site?
10. Availability of off-site venues for Kiosk and Counter operators
    a. Are rentable venues available for classes or consulting near the site?
11. Developed vs Greenfield Parcels
    a. How developed is the parcel currently?
12. Acquired structures vs Ground-up development
    a. Does the parcel include structures currently? 
    b. Do you plan to use existing structures on the parcel?
13. Co-tenancy
    a. What types of tenants occupy the parcel and neighboring parcels?
14. Anchor and Destination Proximity
    a. What Anchor businesses, Destinations, or Places of Interest exist within a 5 kilometer radius of the site?
15. Analog Analysis / Multiple Regression Model Analysis (existing businesses within trade area)
    a. What similar retail businesses exist with a 5 kilometer radius of the site?
16. Gravity Model Analysis (inherent drawing power of each location)
    a. How likely will the site attract customers based on its physical layout and access?
17. Spatial Allocation Model Analysis (according to corporate objectives and master development plan)
    a. What other considerations does your business plan make in relationship to this site?

Additionally, please provide the sources for information you provided in response to the above questions and make footnotes 
in your original responses as necessary for clarity and ease of verification.
